what's up everybody welcome back to
another video today we are back with
chapter 2 of zor today we got into some
crazy things we may have started a band
we may have Shrunk Ourselves so stick
around just to see how crazy it gets and
if you're new here don't forget to hit
the Subscribe button hit that like
button and enjoy the
video hey you get back here okay
gentlemen gentlemen you know what it is
let me see your cards let me see it let
me see it let me see it where's your
card well you want my Pokémon my
Yu-Gi-Oh or my mag than you thank you
thank you I see all of our employ s oh
it's just a I like the twerky you got
going on why do we all look like birdie
like or Berto you want to know something
weird if you do this in the snow you
make snow angels oh wait that's actually
beautiful I'm going to I'm going to
start this refreshing nor mot you know
what don't do that okay I know you're
thinking you will regret it what don't
do that just start no no chaos mode come
on start
it what just cuz you guys are bad at
video games I I have to suffer for
it oh shoot oh wait we're continuing
wait ble you're alive now yeah yeah yeah
so live um wait who's
Vanetta oh
wait someone has to voice actor nose
goes not me not me wait sigil you said
you were driving the car last we left
off you were driving the car and now you
broke
itle first see this really stop breaking
things we can't invite him to anything
anymore huh guys who's that wait do you
think he's cute in the distance though Y
come help us just Sun guys calm down e
can take it back wa this run this guy's
trying to run us over oh he ran me over
immediately I immediately died already
dead did you put this on Chaos Mode no I
didn't it's on normal did we all die
okay definitely on normal mode let's not
get run over by a car this time I'm
skipping skip this skip it
run we like no time run from the car
around he got where's sigil did sigil
die again go left go left never mind run
wait can we jump oh we can jump guys I'm
dumb I knew we could
jump wait stop wait it's just two people
left who is this me you oh my gosh jump
jump B it's just us oh wait that was so
clean wait that was kind of sick wait
hold on hold on one
try oh that was a mistake this was a
mistake I can't 360 I'm
terrible remember
me end
it oh oh yeah yeah y
y okay we should probably get going
though wait what is this touch it it say
I'm waiting for
you touch it touch
it oh gosh what need Escape we had to
grab that and
run I see
now three times a charm third times a
charm thir times charm thir times a
charm thir times a charm 360 do I have
to do side like I thought we could I
thought it was like a monster but I cut
to the side and that just K me nope if I
have to do another 360 I swear no no no
you a 720 coward I'll try I'll try I'll
try we're going to fast forward through
all of this fast forward
[Music]
Montage approach work it's very
important get the thingy get the thing
drop it everyone everyone okay now where
we got to go ni way ni
way this is not our first time playing a
video game y who died oh we're okay
we're all here guys first try that was
okay actually yeah throw throw back
throw back throw back y okay wait what
the what the guys Saturn I think I
justed my pants Uranus wait what is this
is this like a a horn don't blow that
but I want to
hold anybody want to
be
um oh I I I don't know what just
happened but I blew the horn and and and
this guy came out wait what is that
little flower there's a guy in there go
oh wait is he cute get over here hey
hello what if he's C individual does
anybody have 100 Z coins no I actually
maybe have zero got a okay see you later
got a handsome
couldn't fled
anything wooo wait this is kind of sick
woohoo guys what are we supposed to be
doing oh are we exploring this house a
big house wait but also there's mines
everywhere careful the mines up hold up
how did you get in there I want to shoot
some hoops this is actually so much more
important oh crossed
up crossed up what's
up wait Biff why are you so good at
this stop no no how are you doing that
so well what the heck can you actually
shoot it
though wait what the heck is that
kby I don't know it keeps coming after
me hello little
guy what did you just kick him y hey
pointer you make it okay that's I'm
going inside this house I'm going inside
this
house do wait stop wait is this a
collectible hold for collectible hold
for chocolate someone just blew
a this guy I'm already saying just tou a
mine we just leave him dead does did
anybody pick up a little zort wait can
we have a dance party no not music okay
let's just go inside the oh why are you
bringing him
back why did you res me I was in the
back rooms yeah he could have just came
back he didn't need to be in the back
room there guys come on let's just go to
the house I said I needed attention and
then I stepped on that's that doesn't
look like guys this is not one of us
none of us have a flashlight yeah so I'm
pretty sure it's when you go to the back
room the skinwalkers come back so oh hey
guys started this good job Hello Steven
welcome to the party his name is Steven
my best friends who
wait it almost made
me I don't know why he thought that was
a good idea but hi I'm Biffle not
anymore hey K who's this no one okay
should probably enter this house looks
very spooky yeah hold on I needed
attention and then I stepped on it guys
look look who I am
[Music]
now he's awesome zud look what I
have you're zud oh me I was in the back
dude that back are terrifying I heard K
and S and Biff all
going that's all you guys do I'm Prett
sure it's when you go to the back the
skinwalkers come back so stop wait is
this actually him or is he doing a bit
they can mimic our voices I know but
it's I heard you guys is this real I I
can't I can't tell if these guys this
guy is real or if it's someone meing
okay wait is this mimic our voices I
hate it here I hate it here I hate it
here I hate it here I hate it here
that's it that's it that's it hear me
out help who needs help oh a collectible
collectable okay well there's arrows
going this way oh gosh there's a
basement there's a TV we should watch it
okay we may make our voices shut up
people come here oh wait oh there's
actually a
TV
[Music]
okay eyeballs this guy is scared there's
other
eyeballs there's
death now he's asleep and now he's awake
and he has
glasses and he's looking around in
someone is dead he's freaking out and
then there's more eyeballs and then
there's teeth and then there's dead
heads and then there's more eyeballs
that was really un cool and informative
are
you
how how did I die oh look a goat why am
I in the back rooms hey no no no wait
there's so many of them oh no no no
oh my God they sound horrible they sound
horrendous let me out let me out I hear
Biffle I I hear Biffle I don't know
what's real anymore okay am I back is
anybody even still alive
hello this hello hey are the other
others dead too yeah that's dead too
that's dead too hey I'm back I'm back
I'm back he just got back from the back
room yeah it's
true mimic our voices Z a bad
person I I simply hate this guys there's
there's there's so much happening what
are we supposed to be doing there's an
arrow going to a basement follow me
exactly shut up hold up what's in here
is there is there any more of these
guys I'm taking I'm taking these coins
I'm I'm I'm pissed off Shar I'm angry I
got two
swords shut
up wait
gra grab grab an
instrument wait someone else grab an
[Music]
instrument you know what forget escaping
this place forget this video we're
starting a
band wait does this microphone my
microphone it does yeah yeah sing a
[Music]
song what it like in New York City and
where the streets are [__] this was a
mistake grab this oh wait someone grabb
the
accordion it's not bi wait is it not
Biffle
bi Biffle where are
you where are you it's not Biffle he was
headbanging Biffle where are
you nowhere don't worry about it bi we
need you to join our
band uh bi bi that's definitely Biel
definitely that's it I'm taking the
accordion with me this is my emotional
support
accordion yeah okay look where we found
Biffle yeah I think this is bi
oh our voes
Biffle do you need an emotional support
guitar take it that's this guy's going
to eat one of us at some point yeah come
on boys we're going to the
basement be your
instrument us have
an instrument that's how we know we're
the real ones guys we're having band
practice in the
basement y catch up you
slowpokes idiots we're having band
practice in the basement bring your
instruments you have to keep playing
them that way we know that we're us oh
my god dude three brain cells each I
swear I can't wait for this mus out to
be copyright free by the way TV just
turned around wow oh hey guys I haven't
seen anyone here in a long time what
brings you here anyway no need to drag
this out I don't understand your
language I can get you out of
here behind me and leave from
here guys yeah yeah yeah sorry I was
just I was debating whether he was Hot
or Not hurry up what are you waiting for
for sure not yeah he's not he's a not he
he's I don't like him his name is t
first bad vibes is why is that my first
thought no the flute who dropped their
flute who dropped their emotional
instrument now drop the the base
oh I Tri you do you think it could be
that
easy this is a strange Quantum elevator
it needs a powerful source to work
normally I wouldn't help you but I'm
starting to warm up to you if you go
three CS around here and start you can
supply the
energy let's go to the roof we need to
go look for him oh my
God yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah got SK York
shity a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q
r s t u v wayo much
fun yeah we are okay guys we need to go
to these cabins to look for Power cores
come on why think I have a bottle
everyone just keep your instrument so
that it's like our new ID card but
better cuz I actually don't don't have
my ID card anymore they can mimic our
voices shut up I assume that we need to
go to each of these red lights I'm going
to go this way no shut I think we should
all split up I think that I'm going to
blow this
horn do not on your free time well I
have money now so I want to buy things
like a flashlight forh we have money we
have money guy with us I don't know he
just left no get out get out your
instrument get out your instrument so we
know that who's who cuz I lost my card
okay what's that
I
I we need to stop kicking these Kirby's
I feel like it's it's mean guys this is
so
[Music]
drama I thought that was the bad guy who
was that who just got pushed I thought
that was him I'll bring him back I
thought that was the bad guy I'll bring
him back
people well now we brought back a random
guy great why' you do that
I hate it here wait can I buy a
flashlight no I'm buy chocolate doesn't
look safe I need
chocolate fine another one behind us
yeah guys we got to press this
button a lot of we have a lot of shorts
um guys look the mouse is going to get
the cheese and nothing bad will happen
oh my god oh I think something bad
happens I mean to do that he guys what
are we supposed to do with this how how
do we leave the mouse just died but now
what no oh
gosh oh
great I fed hey hey hey you are so
stupid you are so stupid who is touching
that dude is it the
mimic we're good we're good we got rid
of the dummy D you're so
cringe oh no it was the dummy that
died you CL [__]
oh sorry who's dying who's dying wait
why is this hard okay I'm going I'm
going I'm going I don't even care
I died dude we suck see one of the cones
two right here okay three remember that
oh my
God who's it going to be the red right
there
oh oh why would you do that in the back
rooms that was not worth
it okay two
green why is you shooting me I'm not
doing anything okay two green blue three
yellow one going to get this I got this
red four red I'll put the code in thank
you
Biffle did yeah hey it looks like
there's something behind that door
that's angry heads up gred it says
granted no it says granted green oh
we're good then let's get in no no no no
hold on it's not opening oh we probably
all have to be there I'm bad I'm bad I'm
bad I'm bad I'm bad I'm bad right there
pick it up bi I know he's not picking it
up he's literally just looking at it
he's literally standing next to a res
and a cholo bar I'll be up here for a
little while you can just carry on what
do you see nothing
nothing get the anime sorry uh what is
this oh thank you B hey oh we're in
we're in we're in this is the first oh
yeah this is the first Tower there's a
lever wants me to pull you guys think
I'll ever come back I'm checking to see
if there's a Zord in here though because
we need to Res
Kate took you an hour and a half to
notice the Zord at your feet you shut up
I pressed it okay are you having fun I'm
having so much fun why haven't they even
tried the door why haven't even they Tri
the door that's not even English I don't
care why haven't why even haven't door
try try the door just try the door just
try the door so help me just try just
try the door just wow crazy okay we did
it now we just have to do the other two
the noise do it and never revive Kate
Who's down right here what is that
noise what bought the wrong thing it
bought a Rubik's Cube good for you hey
that's a
tornado no it's not what's not a tornado
look up oh oh wait yeah wood wood wood
yes those
long oh that' be so crazy if you fell in
love with me that would be so crazy
that's my type wait who who who picked
up my uh who picked up my accordion oh
it's way back there no s just picked it
up for me there's a violin here there's
a violin right here okay I'll pick up
the violin I'll switch oh wait I want my
violin back that was me earlier when
people murdered
[Music]
me oh run don't get hit oh immediately
gets hit well you guys we we got to we
got to pick up his instrument we can't
we oh my God people Bo is coming oh my
god look how big his little pizies are
I'm going to get stepped on yeah and
you're complaining anyways goodbye Kirby
K
him come on let's go to this red light
let's go to this red
light dude this is too good the stupid
instruments are so dumb it is like sea
of Thieves hold on we got to bring sigil
back before we go into this
adding Ambience should we get one
for case yes yes yes yes
yes think this is Sig here have a flute
is it is it not sigil that sigil over
there look
sigils H something tells me that that is
also not sigils cuz he would not have a
flashlight boys coming we got to get
inside there's a car car in the car in
the car in the press the button press
Theon guys who's this guy oh that is
he's just stupid is it I don't know
perfect for me I don't know I I have
this but I'm too scared okay wait no
there's another one sigil here you can
come
back
uhoh who's going in mimic our voices I
got shut up we're all going going to
shrink us and we can go through the hole
come come on dib wait no it should be
sigil cuz he's actually short no you
probably should just I I did press it
it's going to kill
you what it goes wrong
do I sound
different you guys sound insane hey stop
don't kick me stop this hey whoever's
going to get left behind with the guy is
going to get eaten by the way
[Music]
oh this is so cool hey how's it going
buddies we're so tiny okay now don't get
eaten run Le we can leave that one guy
run help
Run Okay gentlemen we got to push this
we got push into do turn into takes four
guys I'll lead the charge you guys got
that bi Biffle pull pull from the front
pull from the front pull from the front
there's an arrow why why did we even
need to push that yeah what was the
point of that we could have just ran I
don't
know B rat it's all
rat again doing job we're done or it's
done just enough oh there's M wait they
have little
hats wait there's so cute and they're
little hard hats I'm going to die I'm
going to die looking at them wait what
if we can convince them to be our
friends and then we can ride them and
they become our St yeah go go for it
turn around and talk to them for he hey
little buddy I have some
cheese oh my gosh wait very extensive
mole rat go go guys I don't think
they're mole rats I think they're just
like normal rats how do they have
electricity down here why do they have
there's so many of them 360 nice they
can mimic our voices shut up hey you go
first you turn big first
why oh my God you guys are so
drama press it it's hard I don't know
how to press
button you guys sound stupid how do I
kick you I want to kick you no what do
you mean it's worse guys sound you guys
sound
insane you sound insane watch me twer as
a tiny little guy okay yeah oh dang wait
wait wait hold up hold up hold up yeah
yeah my God tery you can worship me as
though I'm your
God my Lord
yes small here wait who who doesn't have
an instrument I picked up a flute for
someone one
here we
go the stupid instruments are so dumb
wait what is this oh wait what the heck
oh wait who stop wait who is this zoomi
he computer this is how this is how we
move on sorry sorry sorry sorry he was
just do you see the man nope Co I'm
going crazy do you need chocolate I
don't have any hey used the computer
loading data yeah I'm pretty much a
professional pretty much a
professional that's going to be exciting
hey over here buy an airor wait oh my
God wait I did see the tall scary man
and by scary I mean oh my God why did
they look at me like that FL with every
single Monster you ever SE no I'm
telling John no no no not every monster
John would John would flirt too he gets
me I'm married a man who sees me leg guy
coming for us oh my gosh where's the
light where's the light where's the
light look for creepers oh God there's
sound so a car maybe he doesn't like the
music play music at them okay and okay
someone so I we got to pick up this
guitar hey I cannot pick up your guitar
yes I can okay I got the guitar I got
the
guitar okay look for red look for red
this way this way wait we can buy our
Reds here I I have two I have two I'll
res them I'll res them when we get there
woohoo I'm pretty much Speedy quick
woohoo last one woohoo 5 6 S8 woohoo oh
I'm on a building oh my gosh uh the legs
are coming we got to get we got to get
it we got to get we got to get it legs
are coming get in get
in I'm
alive oh my gosh I don't like how this
is progressing what do you mean very
well Guitar back guys we lost wait we
got the guitar no you can have this oh I
want the guitar no it's my turn with the
guitar yeah this one okay wait does it
do do you want this one
kind of built like this thing what the
heck is that supposed to mean wait can
we s this on fire and do a
ritual what do you think oh my God I
can't watch the TV I'm I'm turning the
TV on mom said it's my turn on the
TV look there's hands holding the
candles wait why is this hand looking at
me like that guys why did I hear an a
guys uh uh over here I made a
mistake wait this is so exciting wait is
is this is this what this says yeah this
this is literally what this is telling
us to do and if we don't we die let's do
it really yep all right let's do it 3 2
1 go working oh my God wait this is so
fun that's the wrong one that's the
wrong one gentlemen gentlemen work go
wait everyone's twerk one it's one
everyone's twerk everyone's twerk how do
you know which one it is it's one
twering one right obviously number one
you guys come on first time is this your
first time doing your ritual yeah oh
couldn't be me feel good I don't know
what you were looking at this is me this
is me every Sunday hey there's a there's
a thing over there that says the giant
foot you see
that yay I've been chosen this is the
best day of my life I am being fueled
with infinite
power hate now not
Kate boys no it's me obviously come on
don't seem
normal I'm I'm loading data yeah this
was just a fun little side quest don't
worry about it that that was actually so
fun wait did you guys also get chosen I
want to get chosen choose me that was so
fun code what's the code oh I have no
idea are you guys figure out the code
during that no did you a little busy
Biff I'm going to do it again put
numbers above your head when it when it
happened come on we got to do it again I
was I was too busy enjoying the power
wait who's going to choose this
time oh it's 6666 that makes
sense I know what the 1 2 3 4 no it's
6666 told you yeah it's on the wall
forehead guys come on no stop what like
I said it was on the wall in in the
thing W you guys really you guys suck
you guys are not the
chosen you guys are not the chosen ones
that's so cringe couldn't be me on us on
us been lever in each of these by the
way that we can't
flip idiot dude it's it's his first time
playing a video game it's his first time
playing video game from the main house
oh
run run flip the lever flip the
lever remember when I said that and you
all made fun of me shut you I'm scared
of you huh yeah we ain't scared of
nothing go go go what scared of a little
net actually embarrassing actually so
cringe wait do you think that he'll be
our friend now do we do take a bottle on
him I'll throw it move out of the way
move out of the way he's going to break
through this obviously OHA the fan wo wo
look away look away
OHA something what is this the heart
reactor let's go let's go let's go I
have his heart is dead guys are so drama
I don't think we were supposed to watch
that I don't know why is there an ating
now do music on the way back come
on
run run to the house and don't let the
Hot Leg stomp on
you oh 10 of 10 dcables
[Music]
Delectables yeah
yeah oh God music the power of music is
killing them you guys we need to come up
with a band
name Bas
dwellers hey we did the thing we do
it zombie following I'm going tell you
right now H some strange noises that's a
that's a pass this is a pass is that the
harder that thing in your hand guys you
just something please us this is an
incredible energy source wait really we
could use it to get you all out of here
but first we need to charge it we need
to charge this heart that's it I have an
idea push me up to the roof dude my
friends and I are heading to the roof
guys come on just just just speed this
up speed this up come on how his wheels
go up the stairs cuz we're pushing it
through the P you know what someone
doesn't understand the power of
friendship put it in where it I got it
you're
charg we're going to S two robots grab
those instruments over there let's make
some music yes the strange black
creatures this song is a gift for me and
my new friend this is the best day of my
[Music]
life they're all
coming no wait guys actually oh we can
shoot get get him yeah kick him we can
also kick him off wait guys I think that
I've been to concerts like this before
what is this flying guy wait stop why
are they all kind of H
what yeah get them hey behind us behind
us oh my gosh wait we're making so much
money from this stop they love us they
love us it's our
F get a little t i I don't need guys
anymore we go bipple wait bipple what do
you mean wait bipple bipple you're no
one survives their solo career no one
there are no examples of
that oh my God wait oh my God our
biggest fan if you catch my
grip he's so tall dark and handsome
grippers look like
[Music]
that wait what now we got to throw throw
bottles at balloons throw bottles pop
the balloon ball where even are the
balloons 1:00
2:00 oh I got
one the rest of them guys that was
actually kind of easy do it I think
so back to playing music coming in
weapons I have a
rash what or
neuter I've been trying to contact you
by your car's extended warranty don't
forget to smash that like
button it was never just a
phase maybe a little
bit it's the same please please let this
[Music]
end why does he look annoyed you're
making us do this yeah wait why does he
look so
mad hey
survived the
concert you've earned your way back take
this reactor so did you like the concert
or reor let's get out of here sorry
sorry sorry I was I wasn't miss the
reactor I was flirting I was I was busy
flirting my inventory is full someone
take this all right since you're staying
here I'll confess something what what
wait what's he confessing your feelings
for me oh my God stop I'm married I'm
not sick but I'm not well to make a
secret for me to be pushed down
just way here not exactly by
choice I don't know let's just go put
this I need I need to be done with this
I got things to do Monster fan fix to
read don't worry about it should leave s
dang it we tried wait is this everyone
get out your cards wait is this really
shut
up is this really not someone we
actually leave
someone oh we're here where's Biffle we
can mimic our voices shut up guys did we
leave bipple
again only one way to find
out oh that's bi okay nice shut up
guys
guys we made it
out oh no wait are we are we about to go
underwater
can't wait for chapter
three really I can't wait for chapter
fet oh my gosh wait this is like that
level in the back rooms where it's like
all open water and then there's houses
every once in Al
Nessie oh my gosh I hate this you
nicknamed my daughter after the Lock
Ness monster
yet well gentlemen thanks for playing
music with me that was super cool and
additionally swag I'm pretty sure we
could take this music thing like like we
can make a career out of this right
[Music]